Shared concepts for campaigns and Canvases (#8924)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/messaging_fundamentals/approvals.md

---
nav_title: Approvals
article_title: Approvals
page_order: 2
page_type: reference
description: "This reference article gives an overview of the various statuses a campaign and Canvas can have and what they mean."
tool:
    - Campaigns
    - Canvas
---

# Approvals for campaigns and Canvases

> The approval process for campaigns and Canvases adds a review process to your workflow before launch. This way, you can check that each section in the final of the campaign or Canvas editor is approved in order to launch.

## How it works

> You can review the details of your campaign or Canvas in the final step of your editor. For campaigns, this is **Review Summary**, and for Canvases, this is **Summary**. When you turn on the approval workflow, you must approve each section of the summary before the message can launch. The default status for each section is **Pending Approval**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review the details of your campaign or Canvas in the final step of your editor. For campaigns, this is **Review Summary**, and for Canvases, this is **Summary**. 

If your administrator has turned on the approval workflow, each section of the summary must be approved by a user with the appropriate permissions before the message can launch. The default status for each section is **Pending Approval**.
```

Something to keep in mind is that the approval workflow is turned on once by their administrator for the workspace, and the person creating the campaign/Canvas might not be an approver. Suggestion to make that a little clearer here!
